README.md, before:

NLP2API-Tool
===================================

Source code for NLP2API 


Accepted Papers at ICMSE 2018
---------------------------------
```
**TCSE Distinguished Paper Award Nomination**

Effective Reformulation of Query for Code Search using  Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics 

Mohammad Masudur Rahman and Chanchal K. Roy 
```
```
NLP2API: Query Reformulation for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics 

Mohammad Masudur Rahman and Chanchal K. Roy
```
[Download these papers](http://homepage.usask.ca/~masud.rahman/publication.php)


Please cite our work as 
--------------------------------------
```
@INPROCEEDINGS{icsme2018masud,
author={Rahman, M. M. and Roy, C. K.}, 
booktitle={Proc. ICSME}, 
title={Effective Reformulation of Query for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics}, 
year={2018}, 
pages={12} 
}
```

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{icsme2018masudb, 
author={Rahman, M. M. and Roy, C. K.}, 
booktitle={Proc. ICSME}, 
title={NLP2API: Query Reformulation for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics }, 
year={2018}, 
pages={1} 
}
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact: Masud Rahman (masud.rahman@usask.ca)

Commit message:

Added link to the replication package
Added link to the replication package

README.md, after:

NLP2API-Tool
===================================

Source code for NLP2API. [**Complete replication package can be found here**](https://github.com/masud-technope/NLP2API-Replication-Package) 


Accepted Papers at ICMSE 2018
---------------------------------
```
**TCSE Distinguished Paper Award Nomination**

Effective Reformulation of Query for Code Search using  Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics 

Mohammad Masudur Rahman and Chanchal K. Roy 
```
```
NLP2API: Query Reformulation for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics 

Mohammad Masudur Rahman and Chanchal K. Roy
```
[Download these papers](http://homepage.usask.ca/~masud.rahman/publication.php)


Please cite our work as 
--------------------------------------
```
@INPROCEEDINGS{icsme2018masud,
author={Rahman, M. M. and Roy, C. K.}, 
booktitle={Proc. ICSME}, 
title={Effective Reformulation of Query for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics}, 
year={2018}, 
pages={12} 
}
```

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{icsme2018masudb, 
author={Rahman, M. M. and Roy, C. K.}, 
booktitle={Proc. ICSME}, 
title={NLP2API: Query Reformulation for Code Search using Crowdsourced Knowledge and Extra-Large Data Analytics }, 
year={2018}, 
pages={1} 
}
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact: Masud Rahman (masud.rahman@usask.ca)
